so I'm gonna give you a quick demo of
buckets which is a concept we built a
textile to make it easier to persist and
manage directories on ipfs it does
multi-protocol publishing so you get IP
NS ipfs h TP it does a lot of really
cool things with dipping of your data
changes before it's moving around on the
web we'll have a cool blog post about
that coming out soon you can read a
bunch more about it on our Doc's site I
think really kind of neat is I'll show
you something at the end here which is
that it has a JavaScript library so you
can go and find out how to use buckets
from JavaScript applications as well so
you can let users essentially of your
applications store folders and
directories on ipfs off of the browser
off of their device so more on that in a
second but first I just want to show you
what happens when they're in action so
this is the hub's CLI so if I just do
let me just show you from the beginning
so basically I'm gonna log in my user
name is astronaut so it just it sent me
an email so let me just check my phone
here wait for a second for this
confirmation length and when I get that
I should be able to click it and it will
let me through the terminal here and
then I'm gonna give you a little demo of
pushing directory up to to the hub okay
there it is so quick that okay so now
I'm in so I can now start making buckets
so look like a hub buckets help help
you can kind of see everything there I'm
just gonna blast through this really
fast so the first thing I want to do is
I'm in a folder that has a website in it
that I want to push up to a bucket so
I'm gonna do tub buckets in it
you're less where you can go with this
short which is this buck so let's call
this Docs demo and buckets run on
threads which is our database protocol
you can read more about that on our Docs
- you don't have to know much about it
to use threads I'll just use a thread I
already have to run this bucket on and
you can see I get a bunch of links
already so this is that multi-protocol
bit I can go to the hub gateway take a
look at this and you'll see you'll see
that there's not much in it yet it's
just a seed so that it gets a new hash
not too exciting but now I'm gonna do
hub bug git push and it's gonna ask if I
want to push that whole website that's
in that direct in this directory and I'm
gonna go share and you'll see it's
creating hashes for all of those it's
creating its tag folder if I go and
change this directory in the future I
can push it again and it will do the
Diffie and locally and push it to this
remote IP FS peer when this is done I
can do hug bucket links and get a bunch
of different links for this folder one
of which is the IP NS link which I can
then go and load on any gateway or share
with anybody so they can always get the
latest version of this bucket that I'm
pushing online all over the place so let
me show you that bucket links and you
can see here's an IP NS link for example
and we can go we'll go open this up and
we should see the website okay moving
super fast here but you get the idea
so this also there's also an HTTP URL
that is compatible with this IP NS
address so if I go to there I can just
render the web page and you'll see that
the web page that was in my folder is
actually our documentation web page so
our documentation is all over IP FS now
let me show you one last thing which is
super cool this is using the JavaScript
library so I have a little react native
application that inside of it is going
to use a private key identity for the
user in the phone it's gonna take that
identity it's gonna create an instance
on the hub based on my developer account
and it's gonna create a new bucket for
the user so I'll just go ahead and
refresh this application really quick
and it will go through these steps this
demo app is on our doc site so you can
it you can just pick it apart and look
at each of these sort of six five or six
steps okay so it's gonna create this
little private key identity it creates a
thread puts a collection in the thread
this is all just demo stuff if you're
learning so you can go through and see
the stuff but the last thing it does is
it creates a bucket using that bucket
JavaScript library so here I can just
create a website I didn't make a big
form where you can do any fancy website
I just have a stub website where I can
give it a new title so I'll just do you
know awesome demo of kids on IV NS and
so if I go ahead and submit that it's
going to create a new bucket push the
bucket die via IP FS and it's going to
generate this custom IP NS link for the
user you know it has all those links I
showed you in the command line so if I
go ahead and click that it's going to go
right to the browser on the gateway
showing you this IP NS link live let's
see if that all works so that's the same
URL I showed you before in the CLI demo
with this running and there you go so
you see I had sort of like a nice
stubbed in website there but my new
title is there and I don't remember how
cut and paste works out of the simulator
but let's go ahead and try that no
that's my that's my gift recording in
case this failed yeah I don't remember
how it works
anyway that's it any questions so this
is running an embedded J's ipfs node
question mark no so this is using the
well so this uses the threads protocol
to then push it to a remote node because
one of the things that we discovered
especially on mobile when you want to
share things like this is you really
don't want to be trying to serve it off
of the mobile device you really want to
push it as quickly as you can to a more
static site so this this is using one of
the hub one of the hub api's to push it
to a remote ipfs node which in the near
future will be allowing you to do things
like stored on file
and you connect the thread is owned by
the user though so they could actually
take that thread and push it to any any
other place that they want so they could
replicate it on their on desktop or
other servers or or however they want
but yeah this makes it so that I can go
in my own browser now and and grab this
URL or I could share this URL over an
email or whatever and close my phone and
people could still get it quite quite
easily